README.md, before:

# Zig-Chip8

This is a Chip8 implementation that I am writing in Zig as a learning project.

## Tested ROMS

| Name                                      | Link                                                                                                                                                          |
| ----------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| IBM Logo.ch8                              | https://github.com/loktar00/chip8/blob/master/roms/IBM%20Logo.ch8                                                                                             |
| test_opcode.ch8                           | https://github.com/corax89/chip8-test-rom/blob/master/test_opcode.ch8                                                                                         |
| Blinky [Hans Christian Egeberg, 1991].ch8 | https://github.com/trapexit/chipce8/blob/657cc8753a964d54c20093a1a506524231e456ce/roms/Chip-8%20Games/Blinky%20%5BHans%20Christian%20Egeberg%2C%201991%5D.ch8 |

## References

| Name                                 | Link                                                                             |
| ------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| CHIP-8 Virtual Machine Specification | https://tonisagrista.com/blog/2021/chip8-spec/                                   |
| Chip-8 Design Specification          | https://www.cs.columbia.edu/~sedwards/classes/2016/4840-spring/designs/Chip8.pdf |
| Chip-8 Technical Reference           | http://devernay.free.fr/hacks/chip8/C8TECH10.HTM                                 |
| Guide to making a CHIP-8 emulator    | https://tobiasvl.github.io/blog/write-a-chip-8-emulator/                         |
| BUILDING A CHIP-8 EMULATOR           | https://austinmorlan.com/posts/chip8_emulator/                                   |

Commit message:

Updated code to compile with the latest nightly version and also added library imports for SDL on Linux.

README.md, after:

# Zig-Chip8

This is a Chip8 implementation that I am writing in Zig as a learning project.

## Zig Version
Updated to use the latest nightly as of 1/4/2024 of Zig (presumably it will be called v0.12).

## Tested ROMS

| Name                                      | Link                                                                                                                                                          |
| ----------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| IBM Logo.ch8                              | https://github.com/loktar00/chip8/blob/master/roms/IBM%20Logo.ch8                                                                                             |
| test_opcode.ch8                           | https://github.com/corax89/chip8-test-rom/blob/master/test_opcode.ch8                                                                                         |
| Blinky [Hans Christian Egeberg, 1991].ch8 | https://github.com/trapexit/chipce8/blob/657cc8753a964d54c20093a1a506524231e456ce/roms/Chip-8%20Games/Blinky%20%5BHans%20Christian%20Egeberg%2C%201991%5D.ch8 |

## References

| Name                                 | Link                                                                             |
| ------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| CHIP-8 Virtual Machine Specification | https://tonisagrista.com/blog/2021/chip8-spec/                                   |
| Chip-8 Design Specification          | https://www.cs.columbia.edu/~sedwards/classes/2016/4840-spring/designs/Chip8.pdf |
| Chip-8 Technical Reference           | http://devernay.free.fr/hacks/chip8/C8TECH10.HTM                                 |
| Guide to making a CHIP-8 emulator    | https://tobiasvl.github.io/blog/write-a-chip-8-emulator/                         |
| BUILDING A CHIP-8 EMULATOR           | https://austinmorlan.com/posts/chip8_emulator/                                   |
